BD-1560: Shopify Customer Create and Update Doc (#3996)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_partners/message_orchestration/channel_extensions/ecommerce/shopify/shopify.md

## Shopify user syncing

Braze will update existing user profiles or create new ones for leads, sign-ups, and account registrations being captured in your Shopify store. User profile data can be collected from the following methods in Shopify, but is not limited to:

- Customer creates an account
- Customer email or phone is collected in a Shopify pop-up form

> - Customer email is collected on your store’s website footer

Author: ```suggestion
- Customer email is collected on your store from Shopify's footer
```
